#the "display" property

For the following experiments, work in the `01.the-display-property` folder.

Display is CSS's most important property for controlling layout. Every element has a default display value depending on what type of element it is. The default for most elements is usually block or inline. A block element is often called a block-level element. An inline element is always just called an inline element.

##block

div is the standard block-level element. A block-level element starts on a new line and stretches out to the left and right as far as it can. Other common block-level elements are p and form, and new in HTML5 are header, footer, section, and more.

##inline

span is the standard inline element. An inline element can wrap some text inside a paragraph `<span>` like this `</span>` without disrupting the flow of that paragraph. The a element is the most common inline element, since you use them for links.

##none

Another common display value is none. Some specialized elements such as script use this as their default. It is commonly used with JavaScript to hide and show elements without really deleting and recreating them.

This is different from visibility. Setting display to none will render the page as though the element does not exist. visibility: hidden; will hide the element, but the element will still take up the space it would if it was fully visible.

##other display values

There are plenty of more exotic display values, such as list-item and table. Here is an exhaustive list. We'll discuss inline-block and flex later on.

##Experiments:

Bring in these elements into the html file:

~~~
  <div class="status-1">
    div is the standard block-level element. A block-level element starts on a new line and stretches out to the left and right as far as it can. Other common block-level elements are p and form, and new in HTML5 are header, footer, section, and more.
  </div>

  <div class="status-2">
    Here is another example for test purposes
  </div>

  <div class="status-3">
    And this is a final paragraph. We will conduct some experiments in hiding and showing these paragraphs.
  </div>
~~~

..and these CSS rules:

~~~
.status-1 {
  display:block;
}

.status-2 {
  visibility: hidden;
}

.status-3 {
  display:block;
}
~~~

- Change one of the `block` properties to `none` and observe the results. 
- Remove the `visibility:hidden` line an observe the results



