#media queries

For the following experiments use the files in 14.media-queries folder

Ideally you want your web development to be "Responsive" so that it resonds to changes in the device it is viewd on. It should look good no matter what.

Media queries are the most powerful tool for doing this. Let's take the layout that uses percent widths and have it display in one column when the browser is too small to fit the menu in the sidebar.

add the following to your css file

~~~
@media screen and (min-width:600px) {
  nav {
    float: left;
    width: 25%;
    border: solid 1px;
  }
  section {
    margin-left: 25%;
    border: solid 1px;
  }
}
@media screen and (max-width:599px) {
  nav li {
    display: inline;
  }
}
~~~


What happens here to our rules?

When the screen is 600px wide or larger the rules for nav and section are applied to our content. Thus we see two columns with borders, one for the nav and one for the sections.

When the screen is less than 600px wide the only rule applied is to change the default display property for the list items from block to inline, all the other content is rendered underneath.

Now our layout looks great even on mobile browsers. Here are some popular sites that use media queries:

- <http://mediaqueri.es/>

There is a whole lot more that you can detect using media queries, you are not just restricted to min-width and max-width. Check out the options here:

- <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries>

Experiment with what happens if you want the li elements to infact show as a block? try commenting out the rule for screens smaller than 600px. What happens?

You can also make your layout look even better on mobile using meta viewport:

- <https://dev.opera.com/articles/an-introduction-to-meta-viewport-and-viewport/>

