#flexbox

The new Flexbox layout mode is set to redefine how we do layouts in CSS. Unfortunately the specification has changed a lot recently, so it's implemented differently in different browsers. Still, these are examples that currently work in some browsers
 - <http://caniuse.com/#feat=flexbox>
 that use the latest version of the standard.

 There are a lot of out-of-date flexbox resources around. If you want to learn more about flexbox, 

 - <https://css-tricks.com/old-flexbox-and-new-flexbox/>

A detailed article using the latest syntax on flexbox:

 - <https://bocoup.com/weblog/dive-into-flexbox>


 There is a lot more you can do with flexbox; these are just a few examples to give you an idea.

##simple layout using flexbox

Open the folder 18.flexbox and edit the css file. Add the following rules:

~~~
.container {
	display: -webkit-flex;
	display: flex;
}

nav {
	width: 200px;
}

.flex-column {
	-webkit-flex: 1;
	        flex: 1;
}
~~~

Next in the index.html file name the outer `<div`> element to be a member of the "container" class.
Name the inner `<div`> element to be a member of the "flex-column" class. This means the two sections flex into 1 column


##fancy layout using flexbox

In the same css file you already have open add the following rules:

~~~
.initial {
		width: 200px;
	min-width: 100px;
}

.none {
  -webkit-flex: none;
          flex: none;
  width: 200px;
}
.flex1 {
  -webkit-flex: 1;
          flex: 1;
}
.flex2 {
  -webkit-flex: 2;
          flex: 2;
}
~~~

Now open the fancy.html file and appropriately name each div as a member of the correct class.
The outer div is the container and then each subsequent div is a member of each class as you have written them in the css rules.

##Centering using flexbox


Add the following to the css file:

~~~
.vertical-container {
	height: 300px;
	display: -webkit-flex;
	display: flex;
	-webkit-align-items: center;
	align-items: center;
	-webkit-justify-content: center;
	justify-content: center;
}
~~~

Open the centering.html file and ensure the div is a member of the vertical-container class. Save and load the page.